Fix/profiling even ichg only (#271)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

## 2.2.2 - Unreleased

### Fixed

> -   Issue where only even numbers were permitted for iChg when profiling battery
>     on nPM1304Ek. Now all allowed values from 4-mA - 100-mA will work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Issue where iChg would only allow even numbers when profiling a battery
    on the nPM1304 EK. This has been fixed to allow all values in the range from 4 to 100 mA.
```
